NOTES.md, before:

[X] User has_many books
      :users have a username, password(password_digest), and email

[X] Book belongs to User
      :books have :title, :author, :guided_reading_level, and :genre

[X] Filtering by level and genre and maybe author

[X] Make edit capabilities
[X] Make delete capabilities
[X] Make logout feature
[X] Make sure people can't access shit they aren't supposed to
[X] Get book by :id
[X] Make homepage button (Done on "/books/show") #Might just put home button on everything with layout
[X] Add html template(s) for duplicate html - layout.erb
[X] Don't delete everything when reloading after an error creating a new book
[X] Check if username is already taken
#[] Check if a valid email address
#[] Check that password is a strong enough
#[] Hide password on log in
#[] Sort by title, author, genre, and level on home page.
#[] Put log out button in nav bar
#[] Style everything so it looks nice
#[] Use slugs for everything
#[] Deploy with Heroku
[] Make sure log in and sign uyp
[] Able to input more than one book at a time
[] Email to find password?
[] Make filtering selectable (a dropdown menu?)

Commit message:

Make users have a stronger password.

NOTES.md, after:

[X] User has_many books
      :users have a username, password(password_digest), and email

[X] Book belongs to User
      :books have :title, :author, :guided_reading_level, and :genre

[X] Filtering by level and genre and maybe author

[X] Make edit capabilities
[X] Make delete capabilities
[X] Make logout feature
[X] Make sure people can't access shit they aren't supposed to
[X] Get book by :id
[X] Make homepage button (Done on "/books/show") #Might just put home button on everything with layout
[X] Add html template(s) for duplicate html - layout.erb
[X] Don't delete everything when reloading after an error creating a new book
[X] Check if username is already taken
[X] Check if a valid email address
[X] Check that password is a strong enough
#[] Hide password on log in
[] Delete user function
#[] Able to sort by title, author, genre, and level on home page.
#[] Put log out button in nav bar
#[] Style everything so it looks nice
#[] If signup does not work, keep users data
#[] Use slugs for everything
#[] Deploy with Heroku
[] Able to input more than one book at a time
[] Email to find password?
